:book: Update README with --run-as flag details (#630)
konveyor/crane: e2e-tests/README.md

- `--source-nonadmin-context` source kube context for namespace-admin (non-cluster-admin) user flows
- `--target-nonadmin-context` target kube context for namespace-admin (non-cluster-admin) user flows
- `--verbose-logs` enable command and output logging for framework runners
- `--run-as` override user context: set to `admin` to run all tests with cluster-admin credentials, or leave empty for non-admin mode

### `--run-as` Flag Details

The `--run-as` flag controls the user context for test execution:

- **`--run-as=admin`** - All tests run with cluster-admin credentials using `--source-context` and `--target-context`
- **`--run-as=""` (default)** - Tests run in non-admin mode using `--source-nonadmin-context` and `--target-nonadmin-context`

This flag is validated in `config.ValidateAndLogRunAsFlag()` which is called in the `BeforeSuite` hooks. It accepts only two values:
- `"admin"` - for cluster-admin mode
- `""` (empty string) - for non-admin mode

Any other value will cause the test suite to fail with an error.

**Use cases:**
- Run with `--run-as=admin` to test scenarios as cluster-admin and verify core functionality

> - Run without the flag (or `--run-as=""`) to test RBAC scenarios and validate that crane works with namespace-admin permissions

Reviewer: The --run-as="" default documentation reads oddly, users don't pass an empty string, they just omit the flag. Documenting it as a valid value alongside "admin" makes it look like a two-option enum when it's really just a flag with a default. Suggested simplification:

```suggestion
- `--run-as=admin` Run all tests with cluster-admin credentials instead of the
  configured non-admin contexts. Omit this flag to run tests in their default
  mode (non-admin tests as non-admin, admin tests as admin).
```

This keeps the section to one bullet, no mention of empty string, and the default behavior is implied by "omit this flag". The ValidateAndLogRunAsFlag implementation detail and the two-value enum list can also be dropped from the docs, that's internal detail that doesn't help the reader.
